Update code formatting and fix typos (#1527)
thomaspoignant/go-feature-flag: website/docs/configure_flag/rule_format.md

:::info

> `variation`, `percentage` and `progressiveRollout` are optional but you **must have atleast one of the three**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`variation`, `percentage` and `progressiveRollout` are optional but you **must have at least one of the three**.
```
